---
layout: page
title: About
permalink: /about/
---

<p>
Welcome! My name is Jon, and I am a software engineer living just outside of Boulder, Colorado. I am originally from Cincinnati, Ohio, but during the summer of 2018 my family and I were ready for a change and moved to Colorful Colorado! I've been very fortunate to be successful in a career I have loved for over 20 years - software engineering. I started off in the consulting world, mostly working for Microsoft partners developing solutions on the Microsoft stack for a variety of industries in the Midwest. After 11 years of consulting, I took my career in a different direction and became a full time employee for dunnhumbyUSA. After 6 years with dunnhumbyUSA, the company transitioned to becoming the Kroger subsidiary of 84.51, where my career took off in another direction as I started developing solutions in non-Microsoft technologies such as Java / Spring, Scala, and Typescript / Angular. After 9 years with dunnhumby and 84.51, my family and I made the big move to Colorado, where I have worked for much smaller and more nimble <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Software_as_a_service">SaaS</a> companies. These last few years I have really developed my cloud skills, starting to develop solutions in AWS and Kubernetes while picking up additional languages and frameworks like Go, Python, and React along the way. Throughout my career I do tend to enjoy the stack I am currently working in (unless it's PHP or Perl 😁), and right now I am truly enjoying working with Go and Kubernetes! Despite my tech stack preferences at the moment, I really am driven by the desire to create well-tested and useful software that delivers value for my company and our customers.
</p>

<p>
Although I am very lucky to be working in a career that I have been passionate about, I also prize my life outside of work here in Colorado. I am an avid runner, as I have completed 13 marathons across 9 different states during my quest to complete a marathon in all 50 states. Admittedly, I tend to be competitive during my races - so it may take me awhile to compete the 50 states journey since the body can only take so many marathons in a year when running at competitive speeds. I don't neglect other distances, as I like to run the annual community mile race, and one day I may just attempt an ultra-marathon (trail running in Colorado is divine!). I also really enjoy cycling, hiking, and climbing <a href="https://www.14ers.com/">Colorado 14ers</a>. You may follow along in my endurance adventures over at <a href="https://www.strava.com/athletes/jdhunt">Strava</a>, if you are so inclined.
</p>